Four Brothers killed earlier this month
by an Israeli air strike in the occupied
West Bank were Palestinian civilians who
posed no threat to Israeli forces
Witnesses have told the BBC violence in
the territory has been rising the UN
says that more than 300 Palestinians
have been killed there by the Israeli
Army since the Hamas attacks on Israel
three months ago our Middle East
correspondent Lucy Williamson has been
to ALS shuara to investigate the killing
of the Four Brothers which happened
hours after a 19-year-old Israeli
officer was killed during clashes with
Palestinian groups in
[Applause]
Janine the war is in Gaza but it's hard
to miss the warnings coming from West
Bank cities like
[Music]
Janine since the Hamas attacks the
Israeli Army has come into Janine again
and again and again determined to root
out Hamas and its sympathizers armed
groups here determined to
resist those armed groups proudly claim
any members killed in Israeli operations
as Martyrs for their
cause none have claimed the four Darwish
Brothers killed in an Israeli air strike
10 days
ago their mother's first gesture on
seeing where they died
to tidy a
little I wanted to come and imagine
where each of them was
sitting was there Ahmed Ramy and haah
were here there were the other Martyrs I
wanted to see exactly where my sons
were the men all in their 20s were
filmed by a security camera sitting
around a f fire with three of their
extended family as the air strike
happened one of the first paramedics on
the scene is convinced they were doing
nothing
wrong there was no sign of any clashes
or confrontation not shooting not
throwing
stones was there anything you saw that
could explain why these men were
killed there was nothing they had no
weapons they were drinking coffee by the
fire they were wearing slippers and
pajamas we asked the Israeli Army why
the men were targeted it said an
aircraft struck a terrorist Squad that
hurled explosives at Israeli forces and
sent us this video the black flashes
near the passing vehicle consistent with
explosives analysts say Witnesses said
soldiers drove through the village 15
minutes to an hour before the the strike
took place we asked the Army when their
footage was filmed it said it had
nothing to
add their mother IP to Sam found all
four sons in the hospital
morg the family showed us Israeli entry
permits for two of them no one Israel
sees as a security threat would have
them they took my whole family away who
can I complain to when all countries are
supporting
Israel if they wanted to do anything
they would have helped the children in
Gaza my sons are under the soil now and
no one stood with
them in the village Cemetery her
caresses and her questions go
unanswered this is a place she can take
her grief but her anger has nowhere to
go Lucy Williamson wec news Janine